Unit fuel meters (#2138)
NREL/OpenStudio-HPXML: Changelog.md

  - Improves handling of duct leakage specified using cfm25/cfm50.
- Output updates:
  - **Breaking change**: Replaces "UnitX" prefixes with Building IDs in whole SFA/MF building timeseries outputs.

>   - For whole SFA/MF building simulations, adds energy/fuel use outputs reported by dwelling unit (i.e., "Dwelling Unit Energy Use: *" and "Dwelling Unit Fuel Use: *").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For whole SFA/MF building simulations, allow reporting energy/fuel use by dwelling unit (i.e., "Dwelling Unit Energy Use: *" and "Dwelling Unit Fuel Use: *").
```

Reviewer: Oops, I just realized that I was thinking about timeseries outputs (which are optional) when I proposed this change. Your language was correct for annual outputs. I will revert this.
